Add warning about allowed characters in target names (master) (#537)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/sharing.rst

.. table:: Target Global Configuration Settings
   :class: longtable

   +---------------------------------+------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Setting                         | Value                        | Description                                                                               |
   |                                 |                              |                                                                                           |
   |                                 |                              |                                                                                           |
   +=================================+==============================+===========================================================================================+

>    | Base Name                       | string                       | Lowercase alphanumeric characters plus dot (.), dash (-), and colon (:) are allowed.      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Base Name                       | string                       | Lowercase alphanumeric characters plus dots (.), dashes (-), and colons (:) are allowed.      |
```

Author: Discussed elsewhere.

.. table:: Target Settings
   :class: longtable

   +-----------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Setting                     | Value          | Description                                                                                                 |
   |                             |                |                                                                                                             |
   |                             |                |                                                                                                             |
   +=============================+================+=============================================================================================================+
   | Target Name                 | string         | Required. The base name is automatically prepended if the target name does not start with *iqn*.            |

>    |                             |                | Lowercase alphanumeric characters plus dot (.), dash (-), and colon (:) are allowed.                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    |                             |                | Lowercase alphanumeric characters plus dots (.), dashes (-), and colons (:) are allowed.                        |
```

   +-----------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Portal Group ID             | drop-down menu | Leave empty or select number of existing portal to use.                                                     |
   |                             |                |                                                                                                             |
   +-----------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Initiator Group ID          | drop-down menu | Select which existing initiator group has access to the target.                                             |
   |                             |                |                                                                                                             |
   +-----------------------------+----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Auth Method                 | drop-down menu | Choices are: *None*,                                                                                        |

Reviewer: Choices need descriptions.

Author: Out of scope for this patch.
